OSDOCS-2449: IBM VPC Block CSI Operator (#39815)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-ibm-cloud.adoc

[id="persistent-storage-csi-ibm-cloud"]
= IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: persistent-storage-csi-ibm-cloud

toc::[]

== Overview

{product-title} is capable of provisioning persistent volumes (PVs) using the Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver for IBM Cloud Storage.

Familiarity with xref:../../storage/understanding-persistent-storage.adoc#understanding-persistent-storage[persistent storage] and xref:../../storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi.adoc#persistent-storage-csi[configuring CSI volumes] is recommended when working with a CSI Operator and driver.

> To create CSI-provisioned PVs that mount to IBM Cloud storage assets with this feature is enabled, {product-title} installs the IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator and the IBM Cloud CSI driver by default in the `openshift-cluster-csi-drivers` namespace.

Reviewer: with this feature is enabled --> probably either:
- with this feature enabled
- when this feature is enabled

> To create CSI-provisioned PVs that mount to IBM Cloud storage assets with this feature is enabled, {product-title} installs the IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator and the IBM Cloud CSI driver by default in the `openshift-cluster-csi-drivers` namespace.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit complex. I can't think of a great way to break it up, but mentioning it in case you have ideas. Not critical to merging though :+1:

> * The _IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator_ provides three storage classes named `ibmc-vpc-block-10iops-tier` (default), `ibmc-vpc-block-5iops-tier`, and `ibmc-vpc-block-custom` for different tiers that you can use to create persistent volume claims (PVCs). The IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator supports dynamic volume provisioning by allowing storage volumes to be created on-demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to pre-provision storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The _IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator_ provides three storage classes named `ibmc-vpc-block-10iops-tier` (default), `ibmc-vpc-block-5iops-tier`, and `ibmc-vpc-block-custom` for different tiers that you can use to create persistent volume claims (PVCs). The IBM Cloud CSI Driver Operator supports dynamic volume provisioning by allowing storage volumes to be created on demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to preprovision storage.
```
- "preprovision" I'm fairly sure of based on style guide (only [hyphenate](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-hyphens#prefixes-and-suffixes) words with prefixes if it would be ambiguous and a couple other exceptions)
- "on demand" I'm less sure of - I think it's an adverb here, which means it should be [two words](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#o). But I might be failing at identifying parts of speech :sweat_smile:

Author: I fixed on-demand, but I'm leaving pre-provision. Prepovision isn't a word as far as I can tell, so I think that that is confusing for users.
